Company Prohibitions
  1. Prohibition of smoking (smoking within the specified area), prohibition of drinking alcohol and all kinds of drugs in the area
  The factory, if violated, will receive a warning card or the employee will be terminated immediately.
  Smoking is permitted in the designated areas and must be smoked for the specified time.
  2. Employees of all departments are strictly forbidden to wear slippers to work.
  production staff must wear sneakers to work only
  If there is a problem, communicate with the production planning team and the human resources department immediately.
  3. It is forbidden to bring works, works, and any documents of the Company, including all tools and equipment that
  is the property of the Company are strictly prohibited from being released from the Company
  Absolutely not allowed
  4. Do not take pictures, record videos, images of every customer's work. Absolutely on social media
  5. Do not use all (personal) social media during working hours such as Facebook, Instragram, Line.
  etc., except as assigned
  6. Employees are prohibited from using impolite, aggressive words, expressing statements, or expressing demeaning behavior.
  Sneaky, abusive, condemning or insulting other employees or supervisor
  7. Employees are prohibited from taking outsiders. or their children enter the company before receiving
  permission from management or personnel Violation will be considered an immediate trespass if received.
  Permit must be in the area specified by the company.
  8. The sales department is prohibited from taking customers or third parties into the line. production is strictly prohibited, unless
  Executive permission
  Update the latest information 13/2/2023
  2
  9. Employees of all departments and positions are strictly forbidden to bring food and snacks into the machine area.
  Place the food in the area provided. which may damage the work Dirty and damaged machinery
  Except drinking water and candy, if seen, will receive a warning immediately.
  10. Every day after work or holidays, all employees are prohibited from returning. entering the company area
  Absolutely, except for the permission of the management or the HR department.
  11. Employees of all departments are prohibited. All positions borrowed money in the company. If there is a problem, the company will not
  responsible for all cases
  12. Employees of all departments are prohibited. At every position, quarrel, hit, or otherwise, both parties are expelled in every case.
  13. Do not put on headphones and turn on music, listen to loud noises until affecting work decisively
  14. Employees are prohibited from bringing illegal items into the workplace. or gambling
  Online, play, share, play the lottery and drink alcohol
  15. Do not pick up other people's belongings, do not move things or boxes inside the factory, except with permission.
  If any of the rules are violated At the first time, a warning will be issued immediately.
  But if you still do it again Will be punished according to the penalty of the company
  and in some cases, immediate termination of employment without prior notice and without having to pay any compensation
  Update the latest information 13/2/2023