2
  work regulations for probationary staff
  (During the probation period of 90 days or 120 days)
  1. Probation
  1.1 Probation period 90 days (3 months)
  - The 1st time evaluated the work for the first 29 days.
  - 2nd time, evaluation of work completed 2 months
  - The 3rd time, evaluating the work for 3 months, considering through the probation (through the promotion).
  Performance appraisal by supervisors, supervisors and supervisors
  During the 90-day probation period, do not miss out, take leave, or be late because it will affect the consideration of passing the trial.
  1.2 Those who have passed the probationary period (through the promotion) will be filled as permanent employees.
  After passing the trial will be put into social security
  But if you work well and have good prospects in the first month, you can immediately apply to social security.
  Criteria for passing the probationary work are:
  - Must have a good record of work and absenteeism during the probationary period
  - Performance, work, learning must be effective as specified by the company.
  1.3 Did not pass the trial or continue the promotion
  If you do not pass the 90-day trial, you will continue the promotion for another 30 days, but if you do not pass, you will be considered out of condition.
  It is an opportunity to develop more potential.
  2. Working time
  Enter the event at 8:30 a.m., break for smoking at 3:00 p.m. (5 minutes).
  Smoking break 10:00 a.m. (5 minutes), finish work 5:30 p.m.
  Lunch break 12.00 - 13.00 Normal working days Monday - Saturday
  3. Late absences
  3.1 Lack of work / Lack of communication
  The penalty is
  - Not receiving wages on that day
  - Receive a warning immediately
  Leave of absence in all cases must do 2 of these items.
  (1) In case of absence from work, must call or Line to notify the supervisor every time.
  (2) Must leave work in the HumanOS app at the specified time every time.
  If you do not do these 2 items, you will be considered absent from work and will receive a penalty according to item 3.1.
  3.2 Sick Leave
  during the probationary period If you leave work, you will not get paid.
  - Privileges for probationary employees Sick leave without a medical certificate allowed 1 time
  You will be paid for 1 day.
  - Sick leave with a medical certificate attached The company will pay wages on leave.
  Without a medical certificate Will not get paid in any case (even if taking 1 day leave)
  3.3 Leave of business
  during the probationary period If you leave work, you will not get paid.
  - Privileges for probationary employees Business leave with pay 1 time
  You will be paid for 1 day.
  If employees report business leave but not approved by management and the employee violates the strike will be counted as
  Absent from work Employees are not paid that day. and will receive a warning every time disobeying
  3.4 Being late
  Late arrivals, morning or afternoon, late arrivals are charged 10 baht per minute (in 1 month, late arrivals can be no more than 45 minutes).
  If overdue, a warning will be given and if it is still late, a warning will be given. Consecutive warnings
  4. Payroll
  Pay twice a month, every 2nd and 17th of every month.
  The company collects insurance money in the amount of 2,500 baht from the monthly salary of 150 baht per week until complete.
  - will be refunded after notifying resignation 30 days in advance
  - Not returned when resigning suddenly Or leave without notice or not complete 30 days
  5. OT (OT)
  Employees in all departments will be able to do OT except sales staff
  But for new employees Must have completed 7 days of work before being able to apply for OT.
  6. Commission
  For sales staff, there will be a commission. Commission rate. Learn more at the sales manual.
  7. Receiving a warning
  If there is a violation of the company's regulations will be considered according to the following steps
  - warned
  - Record
  - Warning (in case of making repeated mistakes or causing damage to the work)
  If receiving a warning card, no matter how many times, depending on the offense committed, it can be considered immediate suspension.
  If receiving the warning card 4 times/year (in the same case), it will be considered to terminate the employee status.