work regulations
( short version )





Royal Paper Co., Ltd.
Location No. 6 Bang Khae Road, Bang Khae Subdistrict, Bang Khae District, Bangkok 10160 Telephone 02-084-9982
Type of business Printing house


Absolutely do not publish.
Company Prohibitions

1. Prohibition of smoking (smoke within the specified area). Do not drink alcohol, drugs and all types of intoxicants in the factory area. Failure to comply will result in a warning. or to the point of termination of the employee status immediately
Smoking is permitted in the designated areas and must be smoked for the specified time.
2. Employees of all departments are prohibited. Don't wear sandals to work at all.
production staff must wear sneakers to work only
If there is a problem, immediately communicate with the production planning and human resources team.
3. Do not bring works, works and any documents of the company and tools. All equipment that is the property of the company never leave the company and shall not be published without
Absolutely not allowed
4. Do not take pictures, record videos, images of every customer's workpiece. Absolutely on social media
5. Do not use all social media (personal) media during working hours such as Facebook, Instragram, Line, etc., except as assigned.
6. Employees are prohibited from using impolite, aggressive words, expressing statements or showing slanderous, abusive, condemning, or insulting other employees. or supervisor
7. Employees are prohibited from taking outsiders. or children into the company before obtaining permission from the management or the human resources department Violation will be considered an immediate trespass. if allowed Must be in the area specified by the company
8. The sales department is strictly prohibited from taking customers or third parties into the production line. unless authorized by the management
9. Employees of all departments and positions are strictly prohibited from bringing food and snacks into the machine area. Place the food in the area provided. which may cause the workpiece Dirty and damaged machinery
except drinking water If seen, a warning will be issued immediately.
10. Every day after work or holidays, all employees are prohibited from returning to the company area.
Absolutely, except for the permission of the management or the HR department.
11. Employees of all departments are prohibited. All positions borrow money in the company, if there is a problem, the company will not
responsible for all cases
12. Employees of all departments are prohibited. Every position, quarreling, beating, or otherwise, expelling both of them in all cases.
13. Do not wear headphones and turn on music, listen to loud noises until it affects the work at all.
14. Employees are prohibited from bringing illegal items into the workplace. Or gamble, gamble online, play share, play the lottery and drink alcohol.
15. Do not pick up other people's belongings, do not move things or boxes inside the factory, except for permission.


If one of the rules is violated The first time will call a warning immediately.
But if it repeats again Will be punished according to the penalty of the company
and in some cases, immediate termination of employment without prior notice and without having to pay any compensation







Other regulations of the company

1. At 8:30 a.m., everyone must be ready to start work, not buying food, not smoking, not entering the factory late.
2. Lunch time 12:00 - 13:00 All employees must turn off the air conditioning. Turn off the computer screen, turn off the lights for 1 hour.
3. After work time 17:30 onwards, all employees must turn off all electrical appliances in their work area. and in their own department
4. All employees must take care of the work desk cleanliness. own workspace and keep garbage clean and tidy
5. All employees must collect garbage that is food scraps, sweet drinks, and beverage glasses. Leave it within that day, do not leave it overnight.
6. After work, production line workers must use cloth or paper to cover the machine. and the workpiece to prevent dust or dirty workpiece


If one of the rules is violated The first time will call a warning immediately.
But if it repeats again Will be punished according to the penalty of the company
and in some cases, immediate termination of employment without prior notice and without having to pay any compensation






welfare benefit

1. Social Security
2. Legal holidays
3. Annual bonus
4. Annual salary adjustment
5. Annual Banquet
6. Annual trip
7. New Year Party
8. Songkran Party
9. Welfare for expressing condolences and encouraging employees
10. Joint welfare for ordination merit
11. Monthly lunch welfare (1-2 times a month)
12. Welfare to help migrant workers
13. Other benefits that help employees








work regulations

1. Time to work - leave work and break time
Head office
Enter work at 8:30 a.m., smoking break at 3:00 p.m. (5 minutes)
Smoking break 10:00 a.m. (5 minutes), finish work 5:30 p.m.
Lunch break 12.00 - 13.00 normal working days Monday - Saturday
Chiang Mai Branch
Enter work at 9:00 AM, leave work at 6:00 PM.
Lunch break 12.30 - 13.30 normal working days Monday - Saturday

“ Attendance - Leave / Leave / Request OT must be done in the HumanOS app only ”

2. How to enter and exit work
(1) All employees must press enter-out at the point provided by the company only.
by taking self-portraits with the watch The face and clock must be clearly seen.
(2) If you forget to press enter-out, 100 baht will be collected each time.
By collecting from the salary in that period To be accumulated in travel for employees

Example of forgetting to press enter
Mr. A forgot to leave work at 5:30 p.m. and returned home without pressing leave in the HumanOS app.
The next morning, the personnel department found The HR department will notify Mr. A to follow the steps.
Mr. A will be charged 100 baht and must adjust the time in the app. It's time to actually stop working.


3. Late to work
      3.1 Late to work or late
(1) Late arrivals, morning or afternoon, late arrivals will be charged 10 baht per minute.
(2) Within 1 month, do not be more than 45 minutes late. If you are more than 45 minutes late, you will receive a warning card immediately.
(3) Collection of late arrival fee every 2nd day of the month to be accumulated for traveling for employees
      3.2 Request to call in an emergency
(1) If an employee has an emergency that causes him to arrive late, such as heavy rain, traffic jam, vehicle running out of fuel, vehicle breakdown
flooding, employees must take pictures Then send the evidence to the Human Resources department via Line to request to enter the line.
Should not exceed 45 minutes, if longer than this, leave work in the morning only
(2) In the event that an employee requests an emergency call I will post the history of being late as usual. But will not collect the money late.
**In the event that the employee submits false evidence and the company can prove Employees will receive a warning immediately. And there may be penalties to the level of consideration "suspension or dismissal without severance pay"

Example of call request
Mr. A asked to join the call. because of heavy rain therefore cannot come to work
Mr. A must take a photo or video. while it rains for proof and send it to the human resources department via Line

When the rain stopped, Mr. A came to work, pressed to work in real time.
The personnel department will record a history of being late. But will not collect the money late.

Example of call request In case of reporting false information
Mr. C asked to join the call. because of a leaking tire therefore need to recap
Mr. C must take a photo or video. A car with a puncture tire as evidence and send it to the human resources department via Line

When the rubber seal is finished, Mr. C comes to work, presses to work in real time. Will post a history of being late but will not charge
But if the human resources department finds out that Mr. C has sent pictures of false evidence Use old pictures sent or images from the Internet.
Mr. C will receive a warning card. and then call to speak directly or to the point of suspension which is considered on a case-by-case basis

4. Leave of absence
     In all cases, leave of absence must do 2 things.
(1) In case of absence from work, must call or Line to notify the supervisor every time.
(2) Always press leave in the HumanOS app at the specified time.

      4.1 Sick leave
(1) Sick leave is 30 days/year and only when actually sick.
(2) In case of sick leave for 3 consecutive days, a medical certificate from a standard hospital is required.
brought to confirm only A medical certificate from the clinic will not be accepted in all cases.
(3) Employees who frequently take sick leave without justifiable cause and the company can prove that he is not really sick, the company will consider disciplinary action Until termination of employment without any compensation which is considered on a case-by-case basis
(4) Employees on sick leave By notifying the reason that the doctor made an appointment or went to see a doctor Retrospective documents must be attached. Medical evidence every time, such as an appointment, receipt, medical certificate, etc.

Continuous sick leave example
On the 1st day, Mr. B reported sick leave for 1 day to his supervisor and clicked leave in the HumanOS app.
On the 2nd day, Mr. B informed that the condition had not improved. So lie down and take medicine
On the 3rd day, Mr. B informed that the condition had not improved. therefore going to the hospital for examination and request a medical certificate

Mr. B must attach a medical certificate in the HumanOS app for past leave.
or on the day you return to work Bring a medical receipt to the Human Resources Department for confirmation.

sick leave example In the case of not really sick
Mr. D submitted a sick leave for 1 day to his supervisor and pressed leave in the HumanOS app.
In the morning, HR will check employee leave. along with reporting to the company line group

In the case of the human resources department, it was found that Mr. D was not actually on sick leave, checked from facebook or saw that he went on a trip.
Mr. D will receive disciplinary action. Until termination of employment without any compensation which is considered on a case-by-case basis

      4.2 Leave of business
(1) Business leave 6 days/year
(2) If the employee takes a business leave but not approved by management And the employees still violated the strike.
will be considered absent immediately Employees will be deducted from their wages that day and receive a warning notice. every time disobeying

Example of business leave disapproval
Mr. A asked to take a leave of absence to go to the ordination ceremony of his brother. But the management did not approve.
But Mr. A disobeyed and took leave to go to the ordination ceremony.
Mr. A will not be paid on days off. counted as absenteeism and received a warning

(3) The head of the department who approves the work team on leave. Must be responsible for work during the employee's leave of business
(4) Employees on business leave, the company must be able to contact When there is a jam If unable to contact until damage will not be approved on the next leave

example of business leave Teammates are responsible for their work.
Mr. A takes a leave of absence for 2 days, Mr. B must manage the work instead. without problems
If there is a problem or damaged work, Mr. B must be responsible for Mr. A.

      4.3 Annual vacation (vacation)
(1) Vacation 6 days/year
(2) Disapproval for continuous leave in Songkran and New Year holidays
(3) Vacations in December, January and April are not approved because they already have long holidays.
(4) must request leave 7 days in advance only, even if taking leave for 1 day
(5) The company has a vacation. To employees who have been working for more than 1 year from the date of employment.


Order of approval for vacation leave
1. Employees take a vacation in the HumanOS app.
2. Employees send vacation requests to the Human Resources Department, clearly informing the date / time / reason.
3. Notify the team leader. and work plan
4. Human Resources consider and approve leave and will notify the result back to the staff
Note: If you want to take a vacation for 1 day, you must notify the HR department and the team leader as well.

Conditions for applying for a vacation
1. Persons who approve vacation leave are supervisors and personnel department.
The consideration is at the discretion of the supervisor and the HR department only.
2. People who take frequent leave from work or take maternity leave or have long leave in that year do not approve leave.
3. Must consult with the team. in the responsible department Before leaving, the assignment must be completed.
4. Do not allow more than 2 people to take leave at the same time in the same department.
5. Employees who receive more than 5 warnings/year or receive severe warnings will consider disapproving vacation leave considering the impact and the severity of wrongdoing
6. If not notified 7 days in advance to the human resources department Leave will not be approved in any case.
7. Vacation is the right to disapprove. If you see that it will delay the work.
8. The right must be exercised within the year of receiving the right. No rollover to the next year
9. The graphics department and the sales department, if they leave work, must notify the responsible work. for within the team
10. Printing Department If there is a print job will not approve in any case
11. Sales department, if the sales do not reach the target in this month or last month did not reach the target
will not approve no matter how many days leave

IMPORTANT Vacation leave must be notified in advance only. If notifying that tickets are booked or already booked accommodation
It's not a reason to approve leave.
      4.4 Maternity leave
(1) Maternity leave is 90 days/year, including holidays during the leave period.
(2) Maternity leave must be taken at least 30 days in advance.
(3) The company pays wages to employees who take maternity leave equal to the cost of a working day not exceeding 45 days.
(4) Employees who have taken maternity leave according to Clause 1 but are unable to return to work. The company allows an additional leave of not more than 30 days without pay.
(5) pregnant employees Have a medical certificate showing that you are unable to perform the same duties have the right to request the Company to change jobs temporarily before or after childbirth, whereby the Company will consider changing jobs for that employee as it deems appropriate
(6) New employees who have been working for less than 1 year will not be paid during maternity leave. by considering as appropriate or from management

      4.5 Ordination leave (ordination leave)
(1) Employees who have passed probation Able to apply for ordination leave of not more than 15 days without pay.
(2) Employees who have worked for more than 1 year are entitled to take ordination leave of not more than 15 days with 7 days of wages.
(3) Employees who have been working for more than 3 years are entitled to take ordination leave of not more than 30 days with 15 days of wages.
(4) Employees must apply for leave at least 15 days in advance.
(5) Employees can take ordination leave only once while working with the company.
(6) Ordination leave shall include weekly holidays and traditional holidays.
(7) Ordination leave, will the company approve or not? It depends on the consideration of the supervisor. which must not be detrimental to the Company's work
(8) Na Fai Ordination Leave for deceased ancestors It is considered an emergency ordination leave. It is not considered a leave according to items 1,2,3. Employees have the right to leave for no more than 7 days (including weekly holidays and traditional holidays), whereby the company will pay no more than 3 days of wages.

(9) on the day when the employee returns to work as usual Employees must bring evidence or a certificate of ordination (net certificate) to be presented to the company.
“If the evidence is not brought to confirm It will be considered that the employee is absent.
and will be subject to dismissal. without receiving any compensation.”

Note Criteria for considering leave of ordination depends on the company
(1) Annual holidays, business leave, sick leave that have been taken will be counted. for consideration in approval
(2) Each year, the Company has the right to limit the number of people who ordain as necessary.

      4.6 Leave without Pay
The company allows employees to take leave. This depends on the discretion of the management and the HR department.
(1) Business leave without pay
Leave due to errands that exceed business leave 6 days/year Returning to other provinces or travel back abroad important urgent business Or in the case of wanting to leave without the consent of the supervisor
(2) sick leave without pay
This case is for people who are sick. Diseases requiring long-term treatment making it unable to work continuously Sick leave for consecutive treatment or leave for a few days at a time but it happens often
“ Employees stop working without paying wages according to the reciprocal contract (No work no pay) ”

Approval conditions Leave without pay
1. Must be a person with good discipline and good behavior.
2. Must be a person who has been agreed by the supervisor Work at full efficiency
3. Employees must have clear leave documents. If there is no document The company does not approve leave in any case.
4. Monthly employees who exercise the right to leave without pay It will count including the weekly holiday. and annual holidays
5. Absenteeism / Lack of Communication
(1) Leave work without permission from the supervisor.
(2) Failure to notify the supervisor equals lack of communication
(3) Not pressing goodbye in the HumanOS app means lack of communication.
do not do any received two penalties:
- Not receiving wages on days off
- Receive a warning immediately

6. Resignation
resignation process
(1) Request a letter of resignation from the Human Resources Department. write, sign Specify the date clearly
(2) Resignation must be notified 30 days in advance from the date of writing the resignation letter.
(3) If notifying resignation 30 days in advance, will receive a refund of the actual working security deposit.
(4) If resigning suddenly or resigning without communication or not notifying 30 days in advance, the company
will not refund the work insurance in any case

7. Paying salaries and collecting work insurance
The company pays wages twice a month, on the 2nd and 17th of every month.
The company has regulations for collecting work insurance. as collateral for work
The company collects insurance money in the amount of 2,500 baht from the monthly salary of 150 baht per week until complete.
- will be refunded after notifying resignation 30 days in advance
- will not be refunded When suddenly resigning leave without communication or resigned for less than 30 days
which is considered on a case-by-case basis as appropriate


8. Probation staff
      8.1 Probation period 90 days (3 months)
- 1st time, evaluate the work for the first 29 days
- The 2nd time evaluated the work for 2 months.
- The 3rd time: Evaluate the work for 3 months, consider it through the probation (through the promotion).
Performance appraisal by supervisors, supervisors and supervisors

      8.2 Passing probation (through pro) will be filled as a full-time employee.
After passing the trial will be imported into social security
But if working well, with good prospects in the first 1 month, can be imported into social security immediately
Criteria for passing the probationary work are:
- Must have work history and absences, late arrivals during the probationary period are in good criteria.
- Performance, work, learning must be effective as specified by the company.

      8.3 Not pass the trial or continue the promotion
If you do not pass the 90-day trial, you will continue the promotion for another 30 days, which is an opportunity to develop more potential.
but if not passed consider termination

Conditions for experimental workers
(1) During the 90-day probation period, no absences, leave, or late arrivals will affect the consideration of passing the probationary period.
(2) Probationary employees are entitled to 1 sick leave and 1 business leave while still by receiving wages
(3) In the event that sick leave and business leave have been paid After that, during the probation period, if you leave work, you will not be paid. But if taking sick leave with a medical certificate from a standardized hospital to confirm will receive normal wages
(4) During the probationary period, 3 probationary assessments will be conducted, evaluated by supervisors. And colleagues, in some cases, evaluated twice in 29 days and 90 days, depending on the job position.
(5) After 90 days of probation, the company will immediately submit to social security.
If passing good results, good discipline, work will be evaluated in the first round. The company will import social security immediately.
(6) There is a salary adjustment or no adjustment, depending on performance, efficiency, discipline and behavior.
(7) If you do not pass the probation, the company can terminate your employment immediately.
(8) In some cases that do not pass the probation, the company may deem it appropriate to grant the right to extend the probationary period or renew the promotion so that employees have the opportunity to develop more potential.

9. Requesting OT
(1) Employees of all departments can do OT except sales staff
(2) New employees must work for 1 week from the start date. to start doing OT
(3) Request OT through the HumanOS app only.
must check the date, time, details of doing OT correct before pressing request Press request and check it out. If you enter the details or the information is wrong will not get OT on that day
(4) All employees are required to take a break of 30 minutes in every shift. before starting to do OT
Example: Finish work at 5:30 p.m. Start working overtime at 6:00 p.m.
(5) Employees without commission Able to request to do OT

Conditions for requesting OT
1. Must request OT within 2 hours on the day that OT is made.
2. Able to request before starting to do OT If you know what works When does it end?
3. Able to request when it is close to finishing OT work, for example, quitting OT at 8:00 p.m., pressing to request at 7:52 p.m.
4. Don't ask for the next day. or forgot to press request for OT will not approve in any case

10. Adjustment of employee wages
The company has adjusted wages as follows:
1. Adjust through trial work
2. Annual wage increase
3. Adjust special evaluation rounds, promote or evaluate performance.
annual wage increase for employees It is at the discretion of the company. Have an annual assessment
Considered by executives, department heads/departments and head of personnel
Consideration Criteria wage increase
1. Based on the company's performance Increase rate 3% ,4% ,5% up to 10%
2. Employees have work discipline, absenteeism, leave, and late arrival are in good criteria.
3. Results from the performance of work duties
4. Employee behavior records and must not have been subjected to disciplinary action during the working year
5. Employees who have adjusted wages must have worked for at least 6 months.
And the latest wage adjustment is not less than 4 months.
6. The company may not consider wage adjustments for employees who are inefficient in work.
Example 1 Consider a wage increase
Mr. A 15 days sick leave Mr. A 2 days business leave Mr. A 3 days vacation
Mr. A takes a total of 20 days of leave per year. Mr. A's work performance is good.
= At the end of the year, Mr. A will be considered for a 3% wage increase.

Example 2: Consider a wage increase
Mr. B takes 28 days of sick leave, Mr. B takes 3 days of business leave, and Mr. B takes 6 days of vacation.
Mr. B takes full leave, totaling 37 days/year. Mr. B's performance is good.
= At the end of the year, Mr. B will not be considered for salary adjustments and bonuses. and may be repositioned or any one as the management deems appropriate
11. Bonus payments
annual bonus payment The company intends to give 1 month bonus to employees who complete 1 year of service.
In case of 1 year from the first start date of January
Bonus Consideration Criteria
1. Annual turnover
2. Work discipline, absenteeism, leave, and late arrival
3. Number of employee reminders
4. Employee behavior records
5. Special bonus on sick leave conditions and special bonus on vacation conditions
6. In case of leave total more than 30 days per year will not receive annual bonus.
Bonus Calculation Method
1. Use the starting salary of 1 month (in that year).
2. Take the base salary divided by 30 (number of days) to get the amount of wages per day.
3. Take leave days, late arrivals, annual reminders to deduct.
4. All leave days, business leave, sick leave, maternity leave, vacation leave, unpaid leave, absence from work, counted throughout the year
5. Being late 3 times is counted as 1 day leave which will be deducted.
6. Warning card deducted 200 baht each.
7. Special bonus, sick leave not more than 5 days per year plus an additional 2,000 baht according to the conditions
8. Special bonus, vacation leave, 500 baht per day, no exercise, plus 3,000 baht, according to the conditions
9. Sick leave with a medical certificate, appointment letter, plus half a day, according to the conditions
10. Take the daily wages. multiplied by the number of days remaining from subtracting, adding, adding various items
**Conditions for each year will be adjusted according to the situation
which the personnel department will announce clearly But the calculation method remains the same.
Example 1 Bonus calculation
Mr. A has a base salary of 15,000 baht.
Mr. A takes 10 days of sick leave, 3 days of business leave, and 3 days of vacation (remaining 3 days).
              Late 6 times/year = 2 leave days received 2 warning cards
Way of thinking: 15,000 / 30 = 500 (wages per day)
                             (10 + 3 + 3 + 2) * 500 = 9,000 (total leave days multiplied by daily wages)
                             9,000 + 400 = 9,400 (the amount after deducting wages delete with warning)
                             15,000 - 9,400 = 5,600 (base salary minus all deducted amounts)
                             5,600 + 1,500 = 7,100 (total balance plus 3 days of unused vacation)
                 Mr. A receives an annual bonus of 7,100 baht.
.
Example 2 Bonus calculation
Mr. B has a base salary of 18,000 baht.
Mr. B takes 5 days of sick leave, 6 days of business leave, 6 days of vacation leave, and 2 days of unpaid leave.

Late 0 times/year received 0 warning cards
Way of thinking: 18,000 / 30 = 600 (wages per day)
(5 + 6 + 6 + 2) * 600 = 11,400 (total leave days multiplied by daily wages)
18,000 - 11,400 = 6,600 (base salary minus all deducted amounts)
6,600 + 2,000 = 8,600 (total balance plus sick leave of not more than 7 days)
Mr. B receives an annual bonus of 8,600 baht.

12. Dress
(1) Dress modestly, but not too formal, such as T-shirts, jeans, skirts, sneakers.
(2) All outside production line workers sneakers must be worn
(3) Employees working with machines I have to tie my hair. Never let go of me
(4) Sales people dress nicely and look their best, but must also be polite. Because I have to meet with customers.
(5) Transport Department, dress in company uniform, polite, neat, sneakers
“Must dress appropriately with the nature of the work done ”
13. Penalties
Employees make mistakes, misconduct and disciplinary action.
(1) verbal warning or record
(2) Written warning
(3) Suspension without pay for 7-15 days or 30 days.
(4) Consider not approving employee welfare. (considering the consequences of doing wrong)
(5) no increase in annual wages
(6) Terminate without paying any compensation.

issuing warning letters to employees
If an employee violates the rules in the following cases:
1. Rules/discipline 5. Lack of job responsibility
2. Open the wrong bill / document 6. Customer service
3. Malfunctioning 7. Giving false information / misrepresentation
4. Work across steps 8. Communication

The company will issue a warning notice according to the following steps.
1st time verbal warning or record
2nd time Warning 1st time
3rd time warning 2nd time
4th time, 3rd time warning
5th time Warning 4th time
“Received 4 warning cards. Immediately consider dismissal. Terminated as an employee without receiving any severance pay.



Example Consideration of suspension
Mr. A reported sick leave, but the company could prove that he was not really ill, so the company considered having Mr. A receive a warning letter and ordered him to suspend work immediately.

Ms. B has a behavior of taking leave from work. and was often late, the Company therefore considered for Ms. B to receive a warning card and ordered her to suspend her work immediately.

intensity color level of malfunction or out of order
The level of severity is divided into numbers and colors. from light to extreme
considering the impact per job and per company either recklessly, intentionally, unintentionally, or skipped steps However It depends on case by case consideration.

Level 1 is very light, such as forgetting to do, forgetting to enter information, opening the wrong bill, doing a little wrong document / arriving late / dressing immodestly / not littering / not turning off the computer screen / using mobile phone during working hours
Level 2: light, such as absenteeism, not leave, not following the regulations / opening wrong bills, wrong documents / skipping steps / making mistakes causing other departments to increase work / causing expenses in the company's costs (low)
Level 3 Medium, such as abandoning customers, not following up on work / neglecting work, disobeying orders from supervisors / neglecting duties / causing company costs (a lot)
Level 4: Severe e.g. smoking in factories and offices / taking pictures of works on social media / burglary / destruction of property / drinking alcohol / gambling / disseminating confidential information of the company
Level 5: Very severe, such as causing chaos / quarrel / fraud, embezzlement

Criteria for punishment received a warning card.
- Discipline about work, safety in life in the factory and property
- Discipline on conduct
- Serious misconduct


For example, receive a warning.
(1) In case of non-communication Work wrong for the first time or wrong 1-2 times, the same small matter, not considering the warning card will call for a verbal warning
(2) In case of making frequent mistakes Repeatedly making mistakes more than 3 times will consider posting a history or a warning card.
(3) In the event that the mistake is repeated In the event that the meeting has already been trained, you will receive a warning immediately.
(4) In the case of repeated mistakes, the level of severity of the warning will be increased.
(5) If you repeat the same offense and receive 4 warning cards within 1 year, you will be considered to be terminated immediately. (without compensation)
(5) In the case of new employees who worked for less than 6 months if it was the first time will receive a record
(6) In case of new employees If it's a serious offense or have a great impact may receive a warning from the 1st time
(7) If it is a non-serious offense, a warning will be given. or enter the history And if next time you make a mistake in the same case will receive a warning immediately
(8) If you commit frequent offenses that affect your work, your team, your company, you can consider "suspending your job" immediately, depending on
impact
(9) Typists make frequent mistakes in printing, damaged jobs, and customers do not accept the job. Get a warning in case of work
A total of 4 mistakes have already been made. The typist will be considered immediately dismissed as an employee.
(10) Sales department uses inappropriate words with customers. Making customers dissatisfied and having complaints through the facebook page is considered a serious action. deserve a warning customer service cases even if it is the first offense
(11) Employees do not come to work and lack communication. Unable to contact in the morning And there is no press leave into the HumanOS app according to work regulations. but can be contacted after that The personnel department will call to give a warning. then go down history
And if there is a next event, you will receive a warning immediately.